docs: missing quiet progress mode (#2899)
docker/buildx: docs/reference/buildx_build.md

--progress=VALUE
```

> Set type of progress output (`auto`, `quiet`, `plain`, `tty`, `rawjson`). Use
> `plain` to show container output (default `auto`).
> 
> > [!NOTE]
> > `--progress=quiet` is the same as `--quiet`.

Reviewer: nit: what about this formatting instead:

```suggestion
Set type of progress output. Supported values are:

- `auto` (default): uses the `tty` mode if the client is a TTY, or `plain` otherwise
- `tty`: an interactive stream of the output with color and redrawing
- `plain`: prints the raw build progress in a plaintext format
- `quiet`: Suppress the build output and print image ID on success (same as `--quiet`)
- `rawjson`: prints the raw build progress as JSON lines
```

Author: :rocket:

--progress=VALUE
```

Set type of progress output (`auto`, `quiet`, `plain`, `tty`, `rawjson`). Use

> `plain` to show container output (default `auto`).

Reviewer: ?

```suggestion
`plain` to show container output (default `auto`). `--progress=quiet` is the same as `--quiet`.
```
